## Sleeve

Sleeve is a novel way of embedding a quantum secure key in the
generation of curve based, non quantum secure keys.

A complete diagram of the Sleeve wallet generation can be found
in [docs](wallet/docs). This implementation of Sleeve uses a WOTS+
key as the underlying quantum secure key, and the diagram for
the generation of this key can also be found in [docs](wallet/docs).

The input for wallet generation is random entropy,
which is encoded into a mnemonic phrase using [BIP39](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0039.mediawiki). Then a [BIP44](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0044.mediawiki)
custom path of `m/44'/1955'/0'/0'/0'` is used in a [BIP32](https://github.com/bitcoin/bips/blob/master/bip-0032.mediawiki) derivation
to generate a 256 bit child private key and 256 bit chain code.

The private key and chain code are used, respectively, as the
secret and public seeds in WOTS+ generation. After the WOTS+ key
is generated, we save the quantum secure public key (PK).
This public key will be used as the Wallet address when full
quantum secure capabilities are implemented in the future.

The private key is also used to derive a "sleeve secret key".
This secret key allows the WOTS+ public key to be safely shared
at anytime, without compromising the non quantum secure keys
generated by Sleeve. This secret key will be used in the future
to redeem non quantum secure wallets into the WOTS+ quantum
secure wallet.

The Sleeve output is generated using SHA3_256 to hash the
sleeve secret key and WOTS+ public key together. The resulting
hash value is then encoded using BIP39, providing the output
mnemonic, which can be used to generate non quantum secure keys
on any blockchain platform.
